In Java, packages are a way to group related classes, interfaces, and sub-packages together. 
They are used to organize Java files into namespaces, making the code more modular, maintainable, and 
easier to manage, especially as projects grow larger.

Key Points About Java Packages:
Logical Grouping: Packages help logically group related classes and interfaces. 
For example, you might have a shapes package containing Circle, Rectangle, and Square classes.

Namespace Management: Packages avoid naming conflicts. 
Two classes with the same name can be placed in different packages, allowing them to coexist.

Access Control: Packages provide access control by determining which classes and methods are visible to other classes. 
Java uses access modifiers (public, protected, private, and default) to control access to the members of a class based on the package structure.

Organization of Code: By using packages, you can organize your code into separate directories or modules, 
making it easier to maintain and scale.

Types of Packages in Java:
Built-in Packages (Standard Library): 
Java provides many pre-defined packages as part of the Java Standard Library (JDK). 
Some commonly used built-in packages include:

java.util — contains utility classes like ArrayList, HashMap, Date, etc.
java.io — contains classes for input and output (e.g., File, BufferedReader).
java.lang — contains fundamental classes such as String, Math, Thread, etc. 
(This package is implicitly imported, so you don't need to import it manually).
User-defined Packages: Developers can create their own packages to organize classes in their
applications. You define a package at the beginning of a Java file using the package keyword.


Conclusion:
Packages in Java are a way of grouping related classes and interfaces, organizing your code, 
avoiding naming conflicts, and controlling access. 
Java provides both built-in packages (like java.util) and allows you to create your own custom packages.

syntax of class
package com.example.myapp;  // Defining a custom package

public class MyClass {
    public void display() {
        System.out.println("Hello from MyClass!");
    }
}


